You may feel a real need to get moving today, Aries. Almost everyone prefers quiet activities, books, art, and even just sitting around to physical activity at times. But your health can suffer if you aren't active, Fresh air, exercise, and sunshine are vital to your well-being. Today don't resist any urge to get up and do something active. Chances are you will really enjoy yourself.
Today you may emphasize organizing things and managing your life, Aries. Take a look at your time management. It's possible to plan every day so you have enough time to do what you have to get done as well as do everything you'd like to do. Set priorities to keep things flowing well. There are many books and websites out there on this subject. Check them out.
Find some new ways to expand your horizons, Aries. The web has an infinite amount of information to explore, and your community and local colleges offer many courses from which to choose. Think about what you'd enjoy learning. Perhaps a new skill for your job or a crafts class that shows you how to make things. Whether self-defense or Italian strikes your fancy, it's out there. Find it.
Although the Sun in a spiritual sector of your chart can encourage you to close doors and relinquish situations that no longer serve you, there are also plenty of opportunities to open new doors. The idea of knowing when to let go of something and when to embrace it can be a powerful concept now. Venus enters its retrograde phase in your sign, encouraging you to develop your relationship with yourself. Be more forgiving and accepting of your faults.
Feel unbelievably energetic under the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. Be sure you aren't unrealistic and take on more than you can actually handle. Your health deserves respect, as do those numerous boring but necessary daily chores. On February 22, a Mars/Pluto square could set you off and ignite your temper. You may need extra peace and quiet under the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. There are elements in your life that deserve your attention and some deep meditation. You may even want to discuss something with a trusted friend who already understands that ultimately it will be your decision and no one else's.
You've got charm, smarts, and the element of surprise going for you all year long! Now what do you want to do with all these cosmic gifts? Tip: let them take you in a brand new direction. Saturn and Uranus are trine most of the year, meaning that you may just continue with what's been working well. However, as the year progresses, boredom and ambition may both grow. By December you may have positioned yourself to make a big move to begin something radically different. Venus is retrograde this year, partially in Aries. This provides you with more time to socially regroup and to appeal to people's emotional needs. A Mercury retrograde in April concludes in early May in your sign, Aries. Emotionally size up how things are going for you during the retrograde. By early May you should have a game plan that lets you make faster progress in a career or a relationship. Your planet Mars is extremely active and you should have the health and energy to be busy every single day. Not a bad thing!
Springtime may be the most pleasant and easiest time for love. Venus retrograde in Aries slows the pace down just enough so that your partner can more easily keep up with you. When Venus turns direct in Pisces, you both may be much more turned on and ready for action.
If firmly paired up and looking to tie the knot or make some other big commitment, consider waiting until after Venus retrograde ends on April 15.
Love is strong and generous through most of 2017 as Jupiter leisurely moves through Libra. Once Jupiter moves into Scorpio in October, relationships will need to be worked on to get stronger, deeper, and more honest. 
If there are too many demands made on your relationship for greater honesty, devotion, and maybe even some soul-baring, it could threaten your sense of independence. If things get too intense, you may want a time out or simply a bit more personal time and distance.
These can all bring emotional changes for the good. You both deserve to have your needs met, don't you? Yes!
Charm, quick wits, and thrills are all on your side in 2017. This can make romance easy to find. If you're enjoying your freedom, you should have great times before the Venus retrograde in Aries hits on March 4.
Romantic prospects and good times won't end then, but the pace may slow down. In fact you may be in the mood for a bit of a rest. When Venus turns direct on April 15, she will be in Pisces and your feelings may have softened and shifted.
The year's second Mercury retrograde starts in Taurus on April 9. Besides the usual increase in confusion and disconnected communications, your dating world may involve more expensive, nice things and higher living until Mercury reenters Aries on April 20 and your usual strong sense of self returns. When the retrograde ends on May 3, better communications should return, too.
Love turns more serious in October when Jupiter enters sensuous, sexy Scorpio. How much sizzle do you want, because you could get it... plus some.
Today, Taurus, you will probably have a ton of energy at your disposal for getting into all kinds of activities. Finish any work that still needs to be completed. Do some cleaning and organizing or see about getting out for a little warm weather fun. Whatever you choose, try to make sure it's active. You will need a place for all that energy to go. Quiet sedentary pursuits won't do it for you.
Step out of your routine, Taurus. Do this every so often to increase your knowledge and expand your horizons. The planetary aspects favor this. Walking to a different beat can give you far more than you imagine. Try something you've never considered before. Go to a new place. Change your desk around to gain a new perspective. See what you can discover about yourself and the world.
A dynamic urge for change has been building for some time. This week it could come to a head and you may be called to take action. If an opportunity comes your way, grab it with both hands. Even if you don't feel ready to embrace a new way of life, go for it anyway. You'll gain the experience as you go. At the same time, you could decide to pull back from a relationship in order to better understand your motives.
You may see love everywhere you look as Venus enters Aries on February 3. Do something fun and creative for the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. It's probably the healthiest thing that you can do. Be good to yourself, so long as you don't binge on sweets or comfort foods. You may be everybody's darling during the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. There's a powerful charm surrounding you now and everyone wants your approval and attention. If you're interested in joining a new group or making changes in your social circle, now's the time. Everyone will understand and be pleased with whatever you want.
This year, focus on your own well-being above all else. You can increase your material wealth and health this way, and also structure a more stable future. With Mars and the asteroid Ceres starting the year in your sign, you have the energy to nurture and grow the future you want.
The Sun-Pluto conjunction in early January is in the Cardinal Earth Sign Capricorn. Cardinal Signs love to start things, and Earth Signs (such as Taurus and Capricorn) are totally practical and realistic. This conjunction is a signal to make a big change or to formulate an ambitious new plan to make 2017 better than ever.
Your planet Venus is retrograde this year. Which things and people make you happiest? When this retrograde ends, you may want time to let your feelings settle down to focus on what really matters.
Of Mercury's four retrogrades, the second one starts in Taurus. Rethink any previous decisions and find improvements during this one (in April). 
Spring may be complicated, but autumn gets simpler and more serious when Jupiter moves into Scorpio in October. December is a powerhouse for all Earth Signs as Saturn goes home into Capricorn. Changes are everywhere!
This is an excellent day to express your natural creativity, Gemini. The arts will likely be very important to you. You may find that nothing brings you more pleasure on days like this. Consider putting this to good use by painting, sculpting, doing crafts, or whatever you like. You will find that engaging in creative activities with a focus on giving may be the perfect thing for you.
If you feel cautious today, Gemini, don't be alarmed. This can be a good thing, Gemini, as you can be too trusting at times or forget to take care when going into something new. Use a little caution in everything you do to keep safe. This is true with relationships, too. Give a little more thought and time to things to help you choose more wisely.
Are you satisfied with your current career, Gemini? If not, start by making a plan. There are specific steps that you can follow to take the greatest advantage of the available opportunities. Consider visiting career-related websites or ask a career counselor for advice. Don't settle for less than you deserve. See what you can find, and move toward a more fulfilling future.
There's a lot going on this week that could pave the way for some fabulous new options, but it might be wise not to make key decisions until early next week. You'll have had a chance to look into the details by then. With Neptune's ethereal energies in the mix, there could be a misunderstanding about what to expect. Clearing this up first can ease your mind. On the social scene, a new friendship could prove to be a game changer.
Friends perk you up in a big way around the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. You lift their spirits as well. You don't have to sacrifice all your time, but now isn't the moment you want to be a hermit. Solve a sticky problem when Mercury sextiles Mars on February 16. Be clever, and act promptly. Career and work concerns are highlighted during the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. If a new offer or different position is presented to you, don't discount it. Take your time and weigh the possibilities. Higher-ups may be making plans that they don't yet realize are grandiose or unrealistic.
Make the most of your people skills, make the big changes you want and need, and advance your goals for the future in 2017, Gemini. You'll have endless ideas and insights but it may be hard to activate them on your own. Talk, network, find partners, and team up when you think it's appropriate. 
Mercury, the Sun, and Pluto in Capricorn kickstart one of your most practical and successful years. Also, a Jupiter-Uranus opposition lets you be as innovative and vast-thinking as you please. Think big and be prepared to make major changes before the changes find you first.
A Saturn-Uranus trine offers discipline and boldness to create the year you want without sacrificing those people or things important to your happiness and success.
Venus and Jupiter are powerfully opposed as the Sun enters Gemini in May, giving you clear observations and the ability to make confident, shrewd decisions. Mars is in Gemini then, too. Your batteries are fully charged and you're ready to go!
If you're feeling tired, Cancer, you may need to lie back, close your eyes, and listen to some soothing music. You work hard most of the time, so it can do your body and mind good to just relax and listen to your favorite music. Why not do this today? Even a few minutes will make a difference. You can always use the quiet time to plan if you have to feel you've accomplished something.
Cancer, personal dignity may be important to you today. This may come about when things go wrong or if you're accused of something you didn't do. You always have control over your dignity. Your daily actions affirm this. The key is to hold on tightly to who you are and what you believe in. Defend your dignity if it's challenged. It's one thing that no one can take from you no matter what.
Don't fear any changes that lie ahead, Cancer. Even if you think you don't adjust well, you have more adaptability than you realize. Without change, life would become stagnant. It wouldn't be long before you became dissatisfied and bored with the same old thing. Try to see change as an adventure and a gateway to greater happiness and fulfillment. Trust your versatility.
There's a lot going on that's very exciting concerning your career. Whether you tread a professional path, own your own business, or seek a new job, things are looking up for you. It's said that he who dares wins, and this week you could be very bold and you certainly can win. With Venus entering its retrograde phase in this same zone, be very careful about signing a binding contract. In fact, you might want to wait until Venus turns direct.
This month's Lunar Eclipse on February 10 highlights a financial matter or other material concern. Money may appear to make possible a home improvement or provide a cushion that makes a family issue less stressful. Emotions and fantasies peak on February 18 as the Sun enters Pisces. Around the New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26, traditional values may clash with a rising interest in more radical, universal values. You already know that you probably can't save the world, but your heart could tug you in that direction. Keep your life intact, but if you can reach out and do more, well, why not?
2017 can be a highwater year full of major achievements, crucial decisions and changes for you, Cancer. Great things are possible with so much transformative energy aimed your way.
The January Sun-Pluto conjunction in Capricorn is also square Jupiter in Libra and Uranus in Aries. This creates a T-square that points straight at Cancer. Your home life, domestic environment, your home town, your country, and your home planet Earth rarely get this much celestial attention. Make great progress on any or all of these home fronts as soon as you can. 
It's also a great year to successfully conclude a long, difficult project or to make that big change that takes you to a better place... geographically, mentally, and/or emotionally.
The separating conjunction of Mars and Neptune in Pisces gives you enhanced intuition and instincts. This offers powerful advantages all year long. Will you take them?
When the Sun enters Cancer, Mars will be there, too. Jupiter will be in the heart of Libra, your Fourth House of home, family, and the conclusion of things. This year may take some hard work, but great energy, luck, and generosity are at your fingertips all year long.
Today may bring up strong feelings, Leo. This may not be new, as you have a tendency to feel things deeply. But it may be a bit tough to find a way to express this. While you're creative, finding the right activity to get you going isn't always easy. Why not visit a bookstore and look for some appealing craft books or art materials? This might spark ideas for new ways to express yourself.
Make your dreams a tool for gaining insight, Leo. In the past, some rulers believed that their dreams held great insights and they employed people to interpret them. Whether you think dreams are mystical insights or random brainwaves, there is much to be gained. Recurring dreams hold significance. They can point to something that you need to take care of. Consider exploring this area.
On the one hand, the Sun in a more intense sector of your chart can pull you inward to explore the deeper layers of your personality. On the other, a dynamic blend of energies could see you looking outward to new opportunities and discovering new territory. Radical insights are possible whichever way you turn. On Saturday, love planet Venus turns retrograde, and this can provide an opportunity to reconnect with someone you once knew.


